Add allowUnlimitedContractSize, fork, and unlocked_accounts options support (#72)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-test-environment: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

* Test runner agnostic – from the familiarity of Mocha, to xref:choosing-a-test-runner.adoc#parallel-tests[_parallel tests_] using Jest or Ava!
* Non-opinionated: use either https://www.npmjs.com/package/@truffle/contract[`@truffle/contract`] or https://web3js.readthedocs.io/en/v1.2.0/web3-eth-contract.html[`web3-eth-contract`] as you see fit.
* First class support for the xref:test-helpers::index.adoc[OpenZeppelin Test Helpers].

> * Highly configurable: from gas limit, initial balance, and fork option, to complex custom web3 providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Highly configurable: from gas limit and initial balance, to complex custom web3 providers and **forking Mainnet state!**
```
